welcome to the compass venture my name
is John and I'm here on the launch day
of this exciting new tutor from compass
brought to you by discover legend
okay so let's have a look around this
turret
in addition to all that you would
normally expect in a turret we have some
added benefits for you firstly down here
exterior 240 volt socket handy for
running those items that you use in the
Aden lights power that sort of thing
okay coming around to the front of the
van as well here we have barbecue point
as they always say never barbecue in the
Army for added safety with including the
winter stabilizer for peace of mind when
going on the road
stylish alloy wheels add that touch of
class and also added to that underneath
here a steel spare on its own under some
carrier for ease of use in that
unfortunate event that we have a poncho
okay so here we are inside and as you
can see we've chosen some quite
distinctive colors and fabrics for the
interior of the venture added to this
the upholstery is sprung interior
upholstery sylheti you'll find in the
eldest Crusader range for that education
also in sight we have extra 240-volt
sockets here at the front of the van
handy for those appliances that we may
need TVs and so on okay coming on to
entertainment in here we've provided a
Sony CD radio added to that it has iPod
connectivity for all the gadgets that we
need these days in addition to this
status 530 Arial which is the class
leading directional area for a good
quality TV picture when you're on the
move okay as we know when we're on the
road domestic arrangements are important
as well so added to this we have
chinchilla safety glass that can extend
the work surface available covering both
the hub and the sink in addition to this
for the hub we have electronic ignition
close to the hall conquer and grill and
if that work tops the base isn't
sufficient for you then we've added this
as well just so you can spread yourself
out a little bit more when you're
cooking
okay so here we are in the venturi of
five four four which is a n bedroom
permanent bed arrangement here you can
see the domestic style coming up where
to the doors meaning to the showroom and
so on also in addition to this the
mattress is a memory foam mattress just
to make sure you get that absolute
quality night's sleep that you deserve
at the end of a day the exterior styling
in addition to sweeping graphics we have
these deep embossed logos that make this
a truly distinctive Torah
all the deals for the stock for the rage
you